updated documentation for incentivized testnet (#68)
HorizenLabs/zkverify-docs: docs/incentivizedtestnet/01-getting_started.md

---
title: Getting started
---

Welcome, intrepid explorer, to the frontier of blockchain innovation! The zkVerify Incentivized Testnet offers you a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to shape the future of privacy and scalability.

### Why zkVerify?

> zkVerify provides rapid and inexpensive proof verification for any type of zero-knowledge proof. This enables dApp developers to implement the latest zk-proof schema to generate their proofs, and zkVerify to verify them, leading to rapid and inexpensive zk-proof verification. Proofs are verified in seconds, enabling developers to create and deploy games, voting, identity, and interoperability systems that are either usable and economically viable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
zkVerify provides rapid and inexpensive proof verification for any type of zero-knowledge proof. This enables dApp developers to implement the latest zk proving system to generate their proofs, and zkVerify to verify them, leading to rapid and inexpensive zk-proof verification. Proofs are verified in seconds, enabling developers to create and deploy games, voting, identity, and interoperability systems that are either usable and economically viable.
```
